*Introduction:*
  Hello! I'm Justine and as you may already know, I am one of the most hyper students in class and have some difficulties grasping the concepts 
  in the technical aspects or side of this program but I strive to try and understand it as best as I can. For Application Development 2, 
  the programming languages that I know or am familiar with are Java but that was way back first year so it might be difficult for me to remember 
  since we haven't been really using this specific language ever since, some Python concepts as we used it in our Data Structures and Algorithms course, 
  and of course JavaScript as we have tackled it throughout our Web Application Development course until now. 
  Node.js may seem familiar to me as I have heard it in our DSA course but other than that, I do not have any experience with backend development.

*Course Expectations:*
  In this course, I want to achieve, of course to pass this course with passing, if not, high grades or marks. I would also like to understand 
  how backend development works and if there are certain techniques or tools used for specific or different cases or is it all just the same. 
  The skills that I hope to learn may not be as deep as my other classmates' answers since I am not really a technical kind of person, but I hope to learn at least 
  the gist of the course, maybe how to use Node.js because our DSA course was really a whirlwind experience due to the fact as well that we were learning it in Python 
  but we did not have any background knowledge about it because during our Computer Programming courses, we were learning Java. Technically, the foundation for this course 
  may not have been instilled in me. But I would definitely try my best to try and understand and at least pass the course. 
  I think backend development will help me in my career since all systems would require or need backend development to function, being able to understand how 
  backend development works, the ins and outs of backend development, it would help us work together with other members of a team better.   

*Challenges and Areas for Improvement:*
  As our instructor in this course, I expect that you be more patient with us. Your patience throughout you being our instructor has been evident, 
  and with that we are truly most grateful. However, I think this course would be harder for me to grasp because we are not only talking about just coding 
  but we also have to take into account the logic, process, and how to code these in order for it to work. For me, I would really appreciate creating a repository for us 
  to access the activities or the demonstration you are teaching us during class. During class, I'm having a hard time following your pace because 
  I can't catch up on what you are coding. The recordings are useful, but it's a little time consuming and I have to rewind or play the video back 
  multiple times just for me to catch up. 

*Final Thoughts:*
  I hope I understand the course. It has been really difficult for me to understand the technical aspects in this program since I am really not a tech-savvy person 
  and technology has not really been my forte. But I hope I would perform better even though the courses get harder each time a semester passes by. 
  I would also like to extend my gratitude to you Sir for being really lenient and understanding as much as you can, and generous, especially when it comes to 
  giving us grades. I don't think I deserve such high marks, but thank you Sir.
